the burden against Moab because in the
night our of Moab is laid waste and
destroyed because in the night cur of
Moab is laid waste and destroyed
he has gone up to the temple and died
bond to the high places to weep Moab
will wail over Nebo and over medibot on
all their heads will be baldness and
every beard cut off in their streets
they will clothe themselves with
sackcloth on the tops of their houses
and in their streets everyone will wail
weeping bitterly Heshbon and Ilya will
cry out their voice shall be heard as
far as Jay has therefore the armed
soldiers of Moab will cry out his life
will be burdensome to him my heart will
cry out for Moab his fugitives shall
flee to Zoar like a three-year-old
heifer
for by the ascent of youth they will go
up with weeping for in the way of Haro
Nahum they will raise up a cry of
destruction for the waters of NIMH room
will be desolate for the green grass has
withered away the grass fails there is
nothing green there for the abundance
they have gained and what they have laid
up they will carry away to the brook of
the willows for the cry has gone all
around the borders of Moab its wailing
to Eglin and its wailing to beer Elam
for the waters of diamond will be full
of blood because I will bring more upon
diamond liens upon him who escapes from
Moab and on the remnant of the
you